DX-1926: Add referenceCode section (#1587)
SwedbankPay/developer.swedbankpay.com: _includes/reference-code.md

## Reference Code

Swedbank Pay's Checkout v3 API is built in a way that depends on that you, as a

> merchant, is able to store the `paymentOrderId`. The `paymentOrderId` is a url

Reviewer: ```suggestion
merchant, is able to store the `paymentOrderId`. The `paymentOrderId` is a URL
```

> which points to the specific instance of a payment resource, but in some cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
which points to the specific instance of a payment order resource, but in some cases
```

it will be hard to use it as a payment reference.

To help you keep track of the transaction easier, we provide a unique
identification called `referenceCode` for all v3 implementations. The code can
then be printed and used, for instance, as a scannable barcode for future
tracking.

The `referenceCode` isn't available by default, but needs to be activated for
your merchant in our end to appear in the payment order response.

## GET The Reference Code

When enabled, the `referenceCode` will appear as a 16 digit code in the expanded
`paid` node when the payment has been completed by the payer.

> There are two possibilities to choose from when you want to fetch it. The `GET`
> endpoint will be the same as with a regular `GET` call against the
> `paymentOrder` resource, but you can either use `referenceCode` or `paid` as an
> identification. Both responses will look like the abbreviated `paid` example
> below. The parts omitted from this example will look like a regular `GET`
> response.

Reviewer: We don't have endpoints, we have resources. This needs to be rewritten and also clarified. How can you use `referenceCode` to retrieve a payment (order)? I have rewritten the section to be more correct, but it is still missing information on how to "use `referenceCode` or `paid` as an identification". 

```suggestion
There are two possibilities to choose from when you want to fetch it. The request
will look the same a regular `GET` request against the `paymentOrder` resource,
but you can either use `referenceCode` or `paid` as an identification. Both 
responses will look like the abbreviated `paid` example below. The parts omitted
from this example will look like a the response from a regular `GET` request.
```

## GET Request

{:.code-view-header}
**Request**

```http

> GET /psp/paymentorders/{{ page.payment_order_id }}/paid HTTP/1.1

Reviewer: This example uses `payment_order_id` and not `referenceCode` in any way to retrieve the payment order. How can `referenceCode` be used to retrieve a payment (order)?
